the teramo takes over the derby and reopens that
play off speech that seemed dead and
buried while the eagle comes out of the
floor plan with many questions
about a consistency that this match
he had to measure one for the teramo
special Sunday to be dedicated to
starting from the victory to Dr. Gaetano
bonoris remembered eight days from
his disappearance
with the president campitelli to pay homage to
Signora Maria de has accompanied by
sons paolo and alessandro touching the
thanks of the doctor's wife
bonolis for the affection received in these
days in particular from the boys of the
East curve applause heard by almost 900
from the floor as well as from the players
field Teramo L'Aquila and then
straw battle must give up
pomante and bowls sends to the bench
years ni the field infantino in prota
of tip creates rico and friend on the bands
Cappellacci confirms all of them
the campobasso choices with the exception
of ambrosini instead of olcese in
tribune coletti of paolantonio and de
Stephen
ready away and the teramo is already in
advantage in the fourth minute usually
holes receives shoulders at the door turns
suddenly and with the right it surprises
leucos caught in non-timed shot
is irresistible of the center forward
red and white at the eighth center in
championship
superfluous to reiterate the centrality of the
Teramo punter that directs immediately
good for the devil the first
time to tell the truth does not give much
other
the teramo after the advantage does not want
stand back while the eagle has not
a bad reaction and seems to wait
the right time but not
will arrive fiercer than the percussion
of imprint at the seventeenth prison
He has not to be placed Raniera times
best
after the half hour to the 33rd distraction
of mucciante iazzetta serves ambrosini
that shoots the last two up again
duet from the limit to the forty-first
no problem for the voices resumed
team in the field with the same 11th with
an eagle this time intended to
put pressure on the bosses of
home
what at the level of ball possession
many crosses succeed but it is sterile
they rain from the side lanes but are missing
always the recipient at the time of
maximum guest thrust the teramo mortgages
the derby the ballistic prowess is all
di fabio foglia minute 14 a tracer
that of
Teramo fantasista power and precision
do not leave the second items out
goal in the league for him the first in
home a net that burns twice
change that strawberries was going to make
returning to 4 3 3 ripa and the years for
friend and triaric but the eagle continues
to be absent from the parts of
serraiocco is entering petrella per iazzetta 4
from 3 also for the devil is al
nineteenth for a while the
tris cross of ambrosini sforbiate of
traverse holes and the teramo the team
closer to the goal by exploiting the spaces
granted by the 37th eagle to
side the diagonal of great test scipioni
among others median nice names
valentini applauded the Slovenian
valentini goes close to 3 0 to 42nd
the last thrill of the 45th cross of the
unleashed scipios for the newly entered
cai outside a breath
the eagle licks its wounds on Sunday
direct confrontation with the poggibonsi with a
moral to rebuild the teramo back to
believe in sixth place
Sunday everything is played for everything a
foligno